README.md, before:

# FRIDGE

<p align="left">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/cdmill/fridge" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-lightgrey" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-13+-red" />
</p>

Simple, lightweight, quick-access file storage for the macOS menubar.

---

Fridge brings a _quick access, read later_ (QARL) implementation to the macOS menu bar.
It maintains the functionality of storing files on the desktop, but without the visual clutter.

As of version `1.1` a maximum of 4 file slots are available.
This is enforced to keep the workflow focused, but a possible future feature could be _file groups_ which would provide more file slots while providing some form of organization.

## Downloading FRIDGE

Direct downloads can be found on the [releases](https://github.com/cdmill/fridge/releases/tag/v1.0) page.

After downloading and extracting, drag the `.app` file to your Applications folder.

## Contributing

Feel free to share, open issues, and/or contribute to this project 💕

Commit message:

updated, removed storage in favor of launcher wording

README.md, after:

# FRIDGE

<p align="left">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/cdmill/fridge" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-lightgrey" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-13+-red" />
</p>

Simple, lightweight, quick-access file launcher for the macOS menubar.

---

Store file URLs that you'll need later so that you can quickly open them from the menu bar.
I started this project because I found myself reading or needing to frequently reference files and I was tired of navigating Finder or storing the files on the desktop.

As of version `1.1` a maximum of 4 file slots are available.
This is enforced to keep the workflow focused, 
but a possible future feature could be _file groups_ which would provide more file slots while providing some form of organization.

## Downloading FRIDGE

Direct downloads can be found on the [releases](https://github.com/cdmill/fridge/releases/tag/v1.0) page.

After downloading and unzipping, drag the `.app` file to your Applications folder.

## Contributing

Feel free to share, open issues, and/or contribute to this project 💕
